#yes #title:{{Some Personal Advices (How I Stopped Using The Internet At Home Easily)}} #permalink:/r/nosurf/comments/6x5yx8/some_personal_advices_how_i_stopped_using_the/, #created:1504174196

#post{{Maybe some people here can remember my last message on this forum called "three months of magic". Maybe it can still be find with google, i don't know. I have deleted it by fear to be of wrong advice to people, it was too fresh to confirm, but time was on my side and now after six months without internet at home and no smartphones i can assure that my method can work. it is not a miracle method and my life is not so changed finally but at least i am #ben-less-anxiety{{absolutely free of any anxiety related to the internet}} and i use it and think about it only when it is necessary. This is a big improvement for me since i have been addicted to the point of #symp-worse-sleep{{becoming ill with important lack of sleep}}, desperation etc. #ben-more-intentional/controlled{{I can tell that now i control the internet and it is no more the internet who controls me}}.

Saying that i am always happy was maybe excessive, i have good and bad days and to live without the internet at home can't resolve all problems in life. Personally since i quit i took wheight, i have still no great social life and my psoriasis is worst than ever... 
Don't think that quitting the internet will save you of every misery. It does not work like that.The very source of the misery and addiction is the intellectual mind. And even without the internet it lies in our mind ready to find all occasions for creating new problems and addictions wherever we go and whatever we do. But at least quitting the web at home will surely bring more joy and relaxation in the daily life if you want this freedom. After six months free at home i don't want to return to my old habits and using it everytime, it would seem like a nightmare. I am better without it, definitely.The internet seems like a poison to me.     

But actually i have spent too much time online this summer in a public access i can have in my town. i have to pay money for that and it is very uncomfortable because there is no chair for sitting. I have to admit that although i was online only in the morning and for just one hour or two it was too much. I felt i have relapsed in a way even if it was not at home and only for searching pdf documents and books to read. That's why i say that reading and wanting to find constant new things to learn is a real addiction from the intellect and can lead to internet abuse evrywhere.

I would ike to be absolutely free of ALL internet use (except of course for some administrative purposes) for at least one year, this is my serious goal now.


What i did for stopping at home is that in february of this year (2017) i had no other choice for saving my health than #tech-remove-devices{{throwing away all technological things of my home}} and #tech-no-home-internet{{stopping my internet access subscribtion}}. After some days living alone without any stimulation, no tv and no nothing, i felt the desire to play video games. I had no play video games for years on my tv at that time so this desire was strange. i resist it for some days but finally, seeing that the need was always here, i bought cheap consoles (ps2 especially) with old games and i allowed myself to watch tv too.
I felt like a child again with no problems doing it and i forgot the internet and all its madness. I ketp this state for three months until i have some relapse going too much in the internet access in my town i talked about before. But even that was not really dangerous.In fact as far as i don't have internet at home and #tech-dumbphone{{no smartphone}} i feel free of all serious trouble about the internet addiction and all the garbage we can see on it.

For me the secret of freedom is simply to #tech-no-home-internet{{don't have any access at home}} and #tech-dumbphone{{no smartphone.}}
I allow myself to watch good tv programs when i want and play video games when i want and that's all, i have no problems of technological addiction. When i am bored of tv i go walk or i go to sleep early. I have no need of tv and games and can go for days without it, i just allow myself these things if i want,just for fun, and i have no special thoughts and needs about the internet.I live now almost like i lived before my years of internet when i was younger and #ben-feel-better{{it feels good.}}

But honestly i have to say that years of internet abuse changed my mind profoundly and i am not so happy like when i was younger, it seems that the internet stole my innocence. #symp-bad-experiences{{I can't forget many things i saw on the web (porn, bad pictures and videos etc.)}}and it haunts me, letting me sometimes with very sad feelings and desperation. But i know that it will take time to recover really from all these abuses and bad memories. Quitting the internet is always worthy anyway.We have to quit this virtual hell as soon as possible if we want some mental health and happiness.

Maybe my way can work for some of you if it works for me.

Some advices :

- #tech-remove-devices{{Free your home of all internet things. Computers, tablets, smartphones etc. You can ask parents or good friends to keep this material in their home for the time of your experience of nosurf (or maybe forever if you like it better!).}} Just keep a tv and maybe a video game console. if you play on computer keep the computer but be careful to just use it for games or some personal activities but NEVER online.

- if it is just for an experiment, keep your internet connexion, you will need it sometimes after that. But if you are really serious about quitting and sure of your decision dare #tech-no-home-internet{{writing to your internet access company asking for the end of your subscribtion}} at home and return to them the box accordingly to the rules they want.

- #tech-do-other-things{{Once free of all internet things and/or connexion, live as you want and try to avoid all stimulations. But if you feel bored don't hesitate to watch a good tv program (something funny and nice or interesting, no trash tv of course), a dvd, or play video games alone or with real friends (never online). Otherwise, try to have good activities outdoor if you can, enjoying nature, walk in town, sunshine and real people as possible.}}

- I think it is important to have enough sleep at night, in the natural darkness. Now I go to sleep early as possible and live with the natural cycles, without artificial lights, it is very healing. Of course sometimes i allow myself to stay awake at night and do fun, but not everyday.

That's all i had to say about this for the moment.

I hope it was interesting and could maybe help someone.

But never forget to think by yourself and trust only your own wisdom.Never force yourself to do a thing you don't want to do. Trying to quit or use less the internet has to be a real desire or need for you,it is not a game or kind of entertainment, it is serious and it is an important decision in life.

Thanks for reading. 

 
IMPORTANT EDIT (04 September 2017) : I still have some details to write before my advice can be understand rightly. I fear to forget something important and will try to go further in my explanation :

It is better to avoid completly all virtual stimulations like tv, video games etc. when trying to quit the internet. But since it is almost impossible for modern people to live for a long period without any stimulations, using tv or video games can be a good alternative until we are able to be absolutly free of all those things.

The best it to alternate between periods where we avoid completly all stimulations and periods where we allow ourselves some entertainments.

Of course we have to be very careful when watching tv or playing games because it can be detrimental. I think that it will always be less harmful than to be addicted to the internet but it can be dangerous too.

Tv or games are used in a more passive state than the internet so you will feel more relax in your life using it for entertainment.  But too much tv or games can be exhausting and stressful so be careful and stop it when you become tired or bored.

I also advise to be careful concerning what you watch on tv because there are tons of garbage to avoid. 
"Official" and mainstream channels are full of bad programs and propaganda who can be detrimental. You have to choose wisely what you will watch and avoid all bad contents as possible. Trash tv and vulgar real tv are definitely a no no if you want to be more happy in life. Also the news can be detrimental and i avoid it personally. It is stressful and almost entirely useless, it can ruin your day and give you bad mood for no reason. Better to never watch it nor listen to it or just on very rare occasions. 

I think that tv by satellite can be a good thing because you can choose plenty of channels for free with a free-to-air material. I watch tv almost entirely by satellite because official french tv channels are really bad most of the time. It talks about politics 24H/24 and it is boring. The games are boring. The shows are boring and stupid. Finally all is boring... I find many german and british channels more interesting but again i have to avoid tons of trash and bad things. It is not always easy but it works.

I now that many people can't stop their internet use at home and do what i say here because they watch tv with internet and have no other way to access the web in their town except with a smartphone or a tablet by wifi. This is a real problem. Personally i can go in some public access in kinds of #tech-no-home-internet{{cybercafé}} (actually this is not the right word to describe it, this is just access to computers and internet in little supply shops in my town) or in libraries. But these access can disappear on day because with smartphones things change constantly, people don't need public access anymore and many cybercafé have to stop their business. 10 years ago it was full of people day and night, now there is nobody.
But for the moment if you are in a town who still has this kind of access it will work so you can try at least for a while to stop access at home.

Anyway, this is just some advices, don't take it for granted. See by yourself what you want and what can work for you.

Using tv is only a transitionnal process because if we grown up with tv, games or internet our brains are very addicted to virtual entertainments and it is very hard to quit absolutly all stimulations. So we have to go little by little and accept to allow some tv or games when needed. After that, the more we will have a good and fulfilling real social life the more we will be able to avoid even tv etc. It will finally be useless.                 

 Thanks.





   



   }}