#yes #title:{{I've gone 'half-dumbphone'}} #permalink:/r/nosurf/comments/84n1dc/ive_gone_halfdumbphone/, #created:1521125563

#post{{I’ve been fascinated by the dumbphone movement for a while now. Recently, I’ve noticed that I spend way too much time on my phone screen that it’s just unhealthy and quite frankly rude to those around me.

I love technology, it’s super cool and useful without a doubt. The problem is that I overuse my smartphone.

Looking into the dumbphone movement it just doesn’t seem practical for me. Here’s why:

-	The main reason being I need to be able to run a couple of apps (like the Uber Driver app) on my phone in order to make my income – without these apps I won’t get any work whatsoever.
-	I think the internet is very useful, and in my honest opinion I don’t see the need in not having it on my phone. The problem is apps, social media, etc, the problem is not being able to use Google to check when the store closes or see how much it will be to go to the movies when I’m not at home. 
-	I love Spotify.
-	Instant messaging apps are useful as not everyone I know has unlimited texts. I would still like to be able to use these to stay in touch with family.

So, I’ve decided to go what I call ‘half-dumbphone.’ Here’s what I mean by half-dumbphone:

-	I’ve got a cheap android phone which cost me £25.00 (an alcatel).
-	The phone has my work apps, the Google app, Spotify, as well as a couple of instant messaging apps. 
-	I have 2GB of data, I use roughly 1.7GB per month on the work apps. So, this will make me super careful of using the internet for anything unproductive. It’s turned off by default, so if I need it I have to turn it on through the painfully slow settings.
-	I have a few of the stock apps in a folder, such as calculator, alarm, and weather.

The phone holds the basics for what I need and what makes life genuinely easier for me. It does not have the distractions which were in place on my previous phone. Now I’ll be able to use my phone for useful things, and not waste my life behind it. Honestly trying to play a game on this thing would be a nightmare due to how slow it is, which is good.

The iPhone 7 is being restored to factory settings tomorrow morning after I’ve backed up my photos. From there, it’s being sold on eBay as a charity auction.

Exciting times!}}




#title:{{Two months of no social media}} #permalink:/r/nosurf/comments/8c6cov/two_months_of_no_social_media/, #created:1523695159 

#post{{Today marks two months of not using any social media platforms.

All of the social media accounts which I had (Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram and Twitter) are now all gone. 

I’ll start off by mentioning I have permanently deleted these accounts and not just deactivating. I’ve tried having my accounts deactivated in the past, but soon enough started using them again. 

To be honest it was an amazing decision and I’d recommend it to anyone getting into nosurf. 

You may not actually realise it, but social media is mainly just an online competition. Who’s got the best job, who’s got the most friends, who’s got the most likes, who looks best in their profile picture, who did the most interesting thing today, who ate at the most expensive restaurant tonight. 

Take a look through your social media feeds right now. Besides videos being posted by ‘meme’ pages, you’ll notice almost every single post by a human being is used to brag. You might even do it yourself without recognising. 

“Who knows where I can get a new car key cut for my BMW X5?” That’s an example of one of he posts I remember. You can google that sort of shit within second, and they probably already knew. But hey, it was a good way of showing off their X5, right?

Originally I thought that I relied on social media so much to keep up to date with my friends. After deleting social media, the truth is: unless we communicate with each other, I couldn’t give a shit what they’re up to. 

Please don’t fall in the trap of you need it to be included in your social circle. Make a new messenger account (not Facebook) if you have to — but honestly if you’re left out of your friend group and not being communicated with because of your lack of social media, you’re in the wrong friend group. 

No longer do I spend countless hours a day scrolling through my Facebook feed to see what people are eating for dinner, where they’re going on vacation or the best place to get keys cut. 

No longer do ‘friends’ get to see what I’m up to, what job I’m working in, what city I’m living in etc. 

Instead, real friends and family members know all of this stuff by staying in contact. I don’t want anyone else to know my stuff, and I don’t want to know theirs either. 

Having no social media is honestly amazing. You’ll feel a sense of relaxation and peace knowing that no matter what you’re doing... nobody has to know. 

Just wanted to share my experience to hopefully inspire others to get rid of social media.

If you have any questions or need some more motivation, let me know and I’ll try my best!}}
