#yes #title:{{My experience with nosurf}} #permalink:/r/nosurf/comments/ewzkog/my_experience_with_nosurf/, #created:1580525085

#post{{To make this easier for you I will break down this post into 10 paragraphs, each with their own theme outlined below:

Paragraph 1 &amp; 2: about me and why I disagree that Reddit/ YouTube are beneficial

Paragraph 3: a note about my smartphone use

Paragraph 4: how I made NoSurf work for me

Paragraph 5: how I use the internet now

Paragraph 6: the benefits of NoSurf from my experience

Paragraph 7: a reason against technology use amongst children.

Paragraph 8: Cons of NoSurf + a rant about productivity

Paragraph 9: my future plans

Paragraph 10: closing remarks. 

(P1) 
Hi, I'm [REDACTED], I'm about 20 years old and I work full-time in a Warehouse. I absolutely love my job and work as part of a team to dispatch goods. I can honestly recommend it to anyone. I earn decent money - living with my parents no doubt helps money go further. I manage to save about 1,100 a month which I put into an ISA (UK equivalent of a 401k I suppose). 

(P2) 
Before I started working in a warehouse I was unemployed, having dropped out of school, and an avid internet user, managing. To spend upwards of 10 hours a day on my computer. I was a bum. Yet at the time I didn't feel like I was. I suppose that's one of the problems with the internet: it creates his disconnect from reality. I used to think Reddit and YouTube were helpful and educational. But looking at it from my new perspective, the amount of time that was spent productively compared to unproductively was probably a ratio of 1 hour productive for 1000 hours of unproductivity. A simple search is far more effective than spending hours on Reddit/ YouTube in the off chance that something useful/ educational pops up. 

(P3)
I should mention that I have never had a problem with internet use outside the home because  I don't she a smartphone now and never really have in the past. There was a period of maybe 3 months where I did have a smartphone but I threw it away because I was spending too much time on it an fit was too easy to just pull it out if ever so was even slightly bored. 

(P4)
The only way I could do NoSurf and to use the internet in a mindful manner was to go cold turkey. I couldn't do moderation. I blocked the smart TV from accessing the internet and removed the hard drive from my pc and cut a few cables for good measure. The pc was now useless to me (but not my colleague who bought it off me and managed to get it running again). #book{{'Willpower doesn't work'}} is an excellent book and we'll worth a read. It helped me decide how to tackle my internet addiction. No willpower is required by me to not use the internet because even if I want to access the internet I cant. I simply cannot fail.

(P5) 
With this in mind, I do still surf the internet but I do so mindfully. To access the internet I either have to borrow someone's phone or go to the library and use one of their computers. The amount of time I can surf is restricted by this. 

(P6) 
As you can imagine, not being able to fail has made NoSurf incredibly easy, and I benefit quite a bit from this success:
- I exercise more

- I socialise more

- My communication skills are better and getting better also.

- I sleep better.

- I'm less stressed.

- I have more free time.

- I eat healthier.

- I am a more grateful person

(P7)
A compelling read on the topic of NoSurf is #book{{'Reclaiming conversation'}} by Sherry Turkle. In the book, Turkle discussed the impact technology is having on the ways in which we communicate, it what stood out to me was this concept that an individual who grows up with technology in place of face to face communication will likely become an adult with Asperger-like symptoms: poor eye contact, low empathy and poor communication skills.

(P8)
Of course NoSurf isn't all sunshine and rainbows. It won't cure your health problems or give you superpowers. You will still have lazy days. You will still have late nights. And most of all you will watch far too much TV if it becomes your only passive entertainment source. However, it is perfectly okay to not be 100% productive all the time. We're human, we need rest. It's okay to be kind to yourself. You don't need to bully yourself into acheiving some arbitrary goal (like getting up at 4am every morning) and you definitely shouldn't beat yourself up if you fall short of your goals or slip up a little (or even a lot).  Also don't expect everything to be better overnight. There's a nice quote by Jim Rohn about this," You can't change your life overnight but you can change the direction."

(P9)
My future plans: I plan to continue with what I'm doing. I don't know if I ever will completely recover form internet addiction. Even now I find it all too easy to slip back into my old ways but thankfully I have arranged my tech use in such a way that if something does go wrong it cannot go too wrong (e.g. I can only spend about an hour a day on the Internet before the person whose phone I borrowed will get annoyed or before the library boots me off the pc). I plan to get a better job (I'm currently in the process of joining the British armed forces as an apprentice) and. I also hope to one day go back to school and then go to university as I originally set out to do with my life. 

(P10)
If I have any advice to give to someone reading this,  who feels that they have a problem with their Internet usage, it would be this: get rid of your technology. You more than likely don't need it. Try leaving it in your locker at work or the gym - anywhere you can't access it or the internet and just be okay with being bored. That's the first step: to be bored. From there you start to act. 

PS: you may be wondering why I am okay with the TV but not the internet. To this I would say that the effects both have on your brain are  different (I'm not an expert so I cannot say for definite) but they are fundamentally different activities. The internet is about constant hits of dopamine by switching between multiple stimulating activities whereas TV is about watching one of a select few programmes that are being broadcasted. I find that I get easily bored by the TV and soon do other things.}}
